The ten-billion deal from Dì Háo Group
You gave it to me without hesitation
Our chairman
But it won’t be easy
To let Miss Qín lose
And the vice president
Also helped you a lot
When you were in danger
He was always the first
To step in and help you
Miss
Why
Why didn’t I see
Young Master’s kindness?
Dì Háo Group
Belongs to him
Otherwise, how could
He have
Without even seeing the proposal
Given it to you?
Young Master
Didn’t want you to lose
No way
I have to find him
Miss Qín, Miss Qín
I have something to say to you first
Let me speak first
I’m afraid you’ll reject me right away
Miss Qín
I know you
Have the right to reject me
If you don’t like me, that’s fine
I can still
Care for you as your brother
Until you agree
Is that okay?